OSDOCS-19126#adding BM NIC PCI address extension (#110891)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/bmo-about-the-baremetalhost-resource.adoc

Reviewer: Let's add text here that says something like:

Hardware data, which is contained in the `BareMetalHost` status section, can also be found in the `HardwareData` object. Access the `HardwareData` object by running the following command:

```
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get hardwaredata <machine_name> -n openshift-machine-api
----
`<machine_name>` specifies the name of a bare metal host.
```

Reviewer 2: nit: 'Hardware data, which is contained in the BareMetalHost status.hardware section,...' or similar

Reviewer 3: @brendan-daly-red-hat this comment was missed

Author: @sgoveas, I revised the text as "You can find hardware data, located in the status.hardware section of BareMetalHost, also in the HardwareData object." Does that need to be changed?

Reviewer 3: The text is not easy to understand on first reading, can it be updated to the suggested option above or something similar?

Author: @sgoveas, I updated the text. Can you take a look?

Reviewer 3: Im not sure if `BareMetalHost.status.hardware` is correct

. The `BareMetalHost` spec
. The `BareMetalHost` status

> You can find hardware data, contained in `BareMetalHost.status.hardware`, also in the `HardwareData` object. You can access the `HardwareData` object by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Hardware data is available in the `status.hardware` section of the BareMetalHost and in the HardwareData object. You can access the HardwareData object by running the following command:
```

* `disableCertificateVerification`: A boolean to skip certificate validation when set to `true`.

| `bootMACAddress`

> | The MAC address of the network interface controller (NIC) used for provisioning the host.

Reviewer 2: Network Interface Card is the more common full form, but Controller is also used. Also, lets capitalize first letters of abbreviations.

Author: Our [style guide specifies](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#network-interface-controller) that we use this style: “network interface controller (NIC)”.

    speedGbps:
    vlans:
    vlanId:

>     bus-info:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    pciAddress:
```

    pxe:
----
a| The `hardware.nics` field contains a list of network interfaces for the host. The fields include:

* `ip`: The IP address of the network interface controller (NIC), if one was assigned when the discovery agent ran.
* `name`: A string identifying the network device. For example, `nic-1`.
* `mac`: The MAC address of the NIC.
* `speedGbps`: The speed of the device in Gbps.
* `vlans`: A list holding all the VLANs available for this NIC.
* `vlanId`: The untagged VLAN ID.

> * `bus-info`: The field provides the PCI address or addresses of one or more NICs in your bare-metal hosts. For example, `0000:00:03.0`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `pciAddress`: The field provides the PCI address or addresses of one or more NICs in your bare-metal hosts. For example, `0000:00:03.0`.
```

> * `pciAddress`: The field provides the PCI address or addresses of one or more NICs in your bare-metal hosts. For example, `0000:00:03.0`.

Reviewer 2: - 'The field provides....' prefix is inconsistent with how the other fields are described.
- 'of one of more NICs' is also wrong. All these are sub-fields are for one NIC item, is an array of total NICs.
- I would just say: The PCI address of the NIC. For example, `0000:00:03.0`.

Author: Applied this change.
